What!
Hahahaha
Win won
Promise
How are you? As expected of my apprentice of Huanglong
God, did I read that right?
Brother Ye actually defeated Zhao Linfeng
Brother Ye is too amazing
What kind of boxing is he?
Since even Zhao Linfeng, who mastered the Flying Haori Sword
No match for him
Yes, it is also the strength of Senior Brother Ye
In the entire Haorizong, who dares to recognize the second?
How is that possible?
How can you be so strong?
How can your spiritual power be so strong?
It has far exceeded the Siping economy
Leader, get rid of Yama
What are you doing with this trick?
Why did you and Zhang Xiaojian bully me first?
When he sent a killer to assassinate me again
Have you ever thought about today?
Zhang Xiaojian is dead
What you owe me, I'm going to get it back now
Sister Ye Wu
You're just a poor boy without parents
My mother is a niece
I dare to kill you
Do you dare to kill me?
Only you can kill me, not I can kill you
Go to your shit world
Today is your day of death
Wuji